Update success-criteria-problematic-for-closed-functionality.md - Min… (#352)
w3c/wcag2ict: success-criteria-problematic-for-closed-functionality.md

<li><a href="#language-of-parts">3.1.2 Language of Parts</a> — Requires language information in a programmatically determinable form intended to drive correct pronunciation. Where another mechanism achieves correct pronunciation for closed functionality, such as self-voicing, the intent of this success criterion would be met.</li>
<li><a href="#consistent-navigation">3.2.3 Consistent Navigation</a> — This success criterion is interpreted to only apply to "sets of software programs" which are very rare. See the second note in the section <a href="#applying-sc-3-2-3-consistent-navigation-to-non-web-documents-and-software">Applying SC 3.2.3 Consistent Navigation to Non-Web Documents and Software</a>.</li>
<li><a href="#consistent-identification">3.2.4 Consistent Identification</a> — This success criterion is interpreted to only apply to "sets of software programs" which are very rare. See the second note in the section <a href="#applying-sc-3-2-4-consistent-identification-to-non-web-documents-and-software">Applying SC 3.2.4 Consistent Identification to Non-Web Documents and Software</a>.</li>

> <li><a href="#error-identification">3.3.1 Error Identification</a> — It is important for errors that can be detected to be described to the user; for closed functionality, the error description doesn't have to be provided in text, as defined in WCAG 2.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><a href="#error-identification">3.3.1 Error Identification</a> — It is important for errors that can be detected to be described to the user; for ICT with closed functionality, the error description doesn’t have to be provided in text, as defined in WCAG 2.</li>
```
